See?
The little girl who came is a beauty in my hands,
She is really beautiful in China, do you see it?
Get up, get up, get up, get up,
Get up, get up, get up, get up, get up, get up,
Get up, get up, get up, get up, get up, get up, get up, get up, get up, get up, get up, get up, get up, get up,
Get up, get up, get up,
Get up, get up, get up, get up, get up, get up,
get up, get up,
Get up, get up, get up, get up, get up, get up, get up, get up,
Get up, get up, get up, get up, get up, get up
Return to Bone Domain and get Jian Jia Lao for a spin
If it's windy, it should be a little coconut color.
There's no one I can't reach
You are so confident
Then you come to me
It depends on when you find it
can you do anything
Why is he in such a hurry?
You don't understand
I'm hiring an urgent assistant team
I, Ye Jiali, can recruit this man.
Life is at stake
This is not the time for you to be careless
The fierce master of the Dark Alliance is in danger
You can fight with him as long as you can
People like Three Minutes in My Heart
Close the door with me